OSW-832 twilight times (and used in all calculations) should be -12 to +12 and not -18 to +18 (#68)
lsst-ts/ts_logging_and_reporting: doc/news/OSW-853.misc.rst

> query exposure `seq_num` from consdb to be used in obsering consitions applet tooltip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Query exposure `seq_num` from consdb to be used in observing conditions applet tooltip
```
